docs: simplify finops policies docs (#573)
infracost/docs: docs/infracost_cloud/finops_policies.md

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/infracost-cloud/finops-policies/policies.png")} alt="Infracost includes many AWS, Azure and Google FinOps policies out of the box" />

## Usage

This section assumes you have already setup the Infracost source control integration with [GitHub or GitLab](/docs/integrations/cicd/#source-control-integrations-recommended) (or added Infracost to your CI/CD pipeline).

## 1. See policy failures on repos

Once you've connected a repo to Infracost, it scans your code and checks for **40 AWS, Azure and Google** FinOps policies out of the box. This gives you immediate analytics on how well you're following the best practices.

Go to the Visibility > Repos page to see which FinOps policies the repo is failing on; for example, the following screenshot shows a repo that is failing 3 policies. The file and line numbers are also shown with a suggested fix so engineers can easily take action.

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/infracost-cloud/finops-policies/repo-page.png")} alt="See all FinOps and Tagging policy failures for each repo" />

## 2. Analytics on policy coverage

> The Governance > FinOps page shows the status of all policies (screenshot on top of this page), and which policies have the highest number of failing resources. A weekly chart showing the percentage of applicable resources passing FinOps policies is also shown on this page. This gives you 

Reviewer: The last sentence is not finished.

> The Governance > FinOps page shows the status of all policies (screenshot on top of this page), and which policies have the highest number of failing resources. A weekly chart showing the percentage of applicable resources passing FinOps policies is also shown on this page. This gives you 

Author: ```suggestion
The Governance > FinOps page shows the status of all policies (screenshot on top of this page), and which policies have the highest number of failing resources. A weekly chart showing the percentage of applicable resources passing FinOps policies is also shown on this page. This shows how well you're progressing on implementing FinOps best practices across all of your repos over time.
```

<img src={useBaseUrl("img/infracost-cloud/finops-policies/coverage-chart.png")} alt="Infracost Cloud shows you the percentage of resources that are passing your FinOps policies." />

## 3. Test pull requests

> When engineers create a pull request to change infrastructure, Infracost scans the code and checks the FinOps policies against all changed resources. Infracost shows the best practices alongside an explanation of why it's important to consider implementing the change. Infracost also shows the exact file and line numbers that needs to be changed if the engineer choses to implement the change. This shifts-left on FinOps policies and results in the fastest possible feedback loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When engineers create a pull request to change infrastructure, Infracost scans the code and checks the FinOps policies against all changed resources. Infracost shows the best practices alongside an explanation of why it's important to consider implementing the change. Infracost also shows the exact file and line numbers that need to be changed if the engineer chooses to implement the change. This shifts-left on FinOps policies and results in the fastest possible feedback loop.
```
